README.md, before:

# angular-webpack

## PhiLhoSoft's notes

This is basically a fork of https://github.com/preboot/angular-webpack for the updated Webpack configuration, and of https://github.com/angular-tips/webpack-demo for the non-trivial AngularjS example, with my own style / enhancements. Plus I stick to ES5, so no Babel usage here.

I initially tried to use the Painless test library (https://github.com/taylorhakes/painless) but I failed to make it work with Webpack (https://github.com/taylorhakes/painless/issues/20). So I commit this version as first commit, but I will rather go back to Jasmine to go on.

## Original README

A complete, yet simple, starter for Angular using Webpack.

This workflow serves as a starting point for building Angular 1.x applications using Webpack. Should be noted that apart from the pre-installed angular package, this workflow is pretty much generic.

* Heavily commented webpack configuration with reasonable defaults.
* ES6, and ES7 support with babel.
* Source maps included in all builds.
* Development server with live reload.
* Production builds with cache busting.
* Testing environment using karma to run tests and jasmine as the framework.
* Code coverage when tests are run.
* No gulp and no grunt, just npm scripts.

>Warning: Make sure you're using the latest version of Node.js and NPM

### Quick start

> Clone/Download the repo then edit `app.js` inside [`/src/app/app.js`](/src/app/app.js)

```bash
# clone our repo
$ git clone https://github.com/preboot/angular-webpack.git my-app

# change directory to your app
$ cd my-app

# install the dependencies with npm
$ npm install

# start the server
$ npm start
```

go to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

# Table of Contents

* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
    * [Installing](#installing)
    * [Running the app](#running-the-app)
    * [Developing](#developing)
    * [Testing](#testing)
* [License](#license)

# Getting Started

## Dependencies

What you need to run this app:
* `node` and `npm` (Use [NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm))
* Ensure you're running Node (`v4.1.x`+) and NPM (`2.14.x`+)

## Installing

* `fork` this repo
* `clone` your fork
* `npm install` to install all dependencies

## Running the app

After you have installed all dependencies you can now run the app with:
```bash
npm start
```

It will start a local server using `webpack-dev-server` which will watch, build (in-memory), and reload for you. The port will be displayed to you as `http://localhost:8080`.

## Developing

### Build files

* single run: `npm run build`
* build files and watch: `npm run watch`

## Testing

#### 1. Unit Tests

* single run: `npm test`
* live mode (TDD style): `npm run test-watch`

# License

[MIT](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Use Stylus, improve workflow, add pages

README.md, after:

# angular-webpack

## PhiLhoSoft's notes

This is basically a fork of https://github.com/preboot/angular-webpack for the updated Webpack configuration, and of https://github.com/angular-tips/webpack-demo for the non-trivial AngularjS example, with my own style / enhancements. Plus I stick to ES5, so no Babel usage here.

I initially tried to use the Painless test library (https://github.com/taylorhakes/painless) but I failed to make it work with Webpack (https://github.com/taylorhakes/painless/issues/20). So I committed this version as first commit, but I went back to Jasmine to go on.
As I don't use ES6, I just use Istanbul for coverage. I added run modes for Karma (debug, verbose), removing coverage in debug mode.

I added some linters for HTML, CSS and JS.
I added a Stylus compilation phase (should be trivial to adapt to Sass / Less or other similar).
I added some modules / features (other router states), and some in-module controllers / etc. to better explore AngularJS usage.


## Original README

A complete, yet simple, starter for Angular using Webpack.

This workflow serves as a starting point for building Angular 1.x applications using Webpack. Should be noted that apart from the pre-installed angular package, this workflow is pretty much generic.

* Heavily commented webpack configuration with reasonable defaults.
* ES6, and ES7 support with babel.
* Source maps included in all builds.
* Development server with live reload.
* Production builds with cache busting.
* Testing environment using karma to run tests and jasmine as the framework.
* Code coverage when tests are run.
* No gulp and no grunt, just npm scripts.

>Warning: Make sure you're using the latest version of Node.js and NPM

### Quick start

> Clone/Download the repo then edit `app.js` inside [`/src/app/app.js`](/src/app/app.js)

```bash
# clone our repo
$ git clone https://github.com/preboot/angular-webpack.git my-app

# change directory to your app
$ cd my-app

# install the dependencies with npm
$ npm install

# start the server
$ npm start
```

go to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

# Table of Contents

* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
    * [Installing](#installing)
    * [Running the app](#running-the-app)
    * [Developing](#developing)
    * [Testing](#testing)
* [License](#license)

# Getting Started

## Dependencies

What you need to run this app:
* `node` and `npm` (Use [NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm))
* Ensure you're running Node (`v4.1.x`+) and NPM (`2.14.x`+)

## Installing

* `fork` this repo
* `clone` your fork
* `npm install` to install all dependencies

## Running the app

After you have installed all dependencies you can now run the app with:
```bash
npm start
```

It will start a local server using `webpack-dev-server` which will watch, build (in-memory), and reload for you. The port will be displayed to you as `http://localhost:8080`.

## Developing

### Build files

* single run: `npm run build`
* build files and watch: `npm run watch`

## Testing

#### 1. Unit Tests

* single run: `npm test`
* live mode (TDD style): `npm run test-watch`

# License

[MIT](/LICENSE)
